The real reason these men are so angry
at me, are trying so hard to drag me
down, is genuinely because they are so
wildly attracted to me.
>> According to your logic, you're in love
with me. She's in love with me. All
those other women, the nabies that been
coming and talking, etc., whatever it
is, whoever it is, they are all in love
with me. Ali says that she's out there
encouraging divorce. And this is the
problem. That's his interpretation of
what she's saying because clearly she's
not saying anywhere that divorce is good
and people should just get divorces for
the sake of it. She is saying that you
should know your worth as a woman and if
that means leaving someone who doesn't
value you in a marriage then so be it.
>> The irony your wives left you because of
that.
Asalam allaykum.
Ladies and gentlemen from all around the
world. Today is Sunday July the 27th
2025 and we gathered here in South Gaza
Strip
to share our concerns about the ongoing
crisis in Gaza Strip. During the
humanitarian crisis that Gaz and his
people are undergoing
food in general and flour bread
especially is becoming luxurious and
rare. It's not available for the
citizens. So our mission here to support
the citizens and to help their their
lives to be better by giving them these
trips. On behalf of those citizens and
those families, we thank God forever for
his wonderful support. It will be a
reason and making the people happy.
Thank you for being a reason in this
effort.
Ever
halamlay
[Music]
brothers and sisters and dear friends.
Is this your local misogynist Ali Dawa,
the woman-hating man? Yes. But for some
odd reason, nobody has come to collect
the £1,000 and for me to delete my
YouTube channel cuz there is nothing
that I've ever said. But interesting, I
have to do an admission. I I I have to
confess. I'm in love,
guys. I've I've I've done this before. I
I'm I'm in love. Who am I in love with?
We're going to see inshallah because the
evidence is too strong, guys. It's too
strong. It's too strong. Let's watch
this for ourselves, inshallah, because
it gets really interesting. It gets so
interesting, brothers and sisters. And
there's just a little twist to this
though. Let's see if we're going to be
consistent from this side of the show.
Here's the video of our sister Aya.
Sister Aya who's come out and said
absurd stuff. I have nothing personal
against her. I've never ever like I
don't have nothing personal issue with
her except her coming and generalizing
all men saying pack your bags and leave,
have the baby and leave, you know, uh
coming and saying I do not want to marry
on a man on dean, your divorce with all
your self worth, etc. blah blah blah
blah blah. Okay. Now, has she come and
said, "You know what? I'm wrong for
saying that and I should not send that.
I don't want to generalize." No, of
course not. Course it shows what kind of
a narcissist
uh woman she is. Only a narcissist
doubled down and say, "Hold on a second.
The prophet made some valid points."
Nope. She said now that I am in love
with her. Yes, I'm in love with her.
Look, let's check this out. The real
reason these men are so angry at me, are
trying so hard to drag me down, are
coming for my eyelashes
is genuinely because they are so wildly
attracted to me. And that might sound
>> She's right. We me as a man, I am so
attracted to her. Imagine marrying a
woman like her. You know, pack the b
have the baby and leave. Divorce is
showing your self worth. All men are the
same. Attacking men all the I cannot
weak. We we me. Yes. I want to marry
you. I want to take you as my second,
third, fourth wife, whatever you want to
do. I cannot wait to be married to a
woman like you. 100%. I mean, the appeal
is so appealing, especially with those
eyelashes that you have, sister. Like
you said, though, when I talk, it's
because I'm in love with those
eyelashes. But if you blinked a bit
faster, you start flying away. Yes, it's
so so in love. Let's carry on, guys.
>> Like a joke, but I'm being very serious
here. Pay close attention to the kinds
of women these men are so adamant on
dragging down and making videos about.
They are always very beautiful, stunning
women. These kind of men are socialized
to believe that a beautiful woman's
ultimate goal is to be chosen by or to
>> I love I love how she's not calling
herself beautiful, but indirectly she's
calling herself beautiful. I mean, look
at the absolute narcissism. Not I am
wrong or I should have said that wrong.
No, no, no, no. It's because she's
apparently really attractive. I mean, I
don't want to be insulting. I don't want
to fall into backbiting because I can
critique your looks all day every day.
And let me be honest with you, my dear
sister, with all your due respect, and
I've said this to the other hijabi who
looks like a plastic jab, okay, with
respect, I will not take you as a
second, third, fourth wife, let alone
like with anything. With all your
respect, yeah, I'm not going to critique
your looks because that's subjective to
each individual. Okay? Please, if you
saw my wife, your jaw will drop. Please,
there is no competition at at all at
all. Please, but let's carry on. So it's
it's because we are in love with you.
Okay, let's carry on. Let's carry on.
It's got there's a little twist coming
to it. Let's carry on in
>> by and desire speak out against misogyny
and show that she clearly doesn't care
about male validation.
It really threatens their not only their
self-esteem but also just their sense of
power and control.
>> She doesn't want male validation but we
men are in love with her apparently. But
she doesn't want male validation. We we
are in love with her. Okay. because they
aren't just hearing criticism. They are
feeling rejection from someone that they
think should want their approval. Their
anger towards me now is just a mask for
their insecurities. They are angry that
I am not playing the role that they
expect from a beautiful woman that they
desire.
>> So, I'm going to use her logic. I'm
going to say, you know what, she's
right. Let's go with the argument sake.
Me and all the men that are criticizing
her, we are in love with her. We cannot
wait to marry a woman like her. Oh my
gosh. Every man's dream is to marry a
woman like her. Subhan Allah. With those
eyelashes and leaving with a baby,
divorce, men are this, men are that.
Blah blah. You are the last thing we
marry on earth. But no problem. Let's go
with it. So according to your logic,
you've done videos. I've done one video
about you. One video about you. Okay,
this the second one because I found this
hilarious. I had it was hilarious. So
let's get this logic. So you and the
other I know who you're talking about
cuz you guys spoke to each other as
well. The other Turkish one who's tapped
in the head. Okay. He's rejecting hadith
which you're you're a disbeliever who
reject. Yeah. Okay. So, let me get this
right then. According to your logic,
you're in love with me. She's in love
with me. All those other women, the
nabies that been coming and talking,
etc., whatever it is, whoever it is for
that, they are all in love with me. So,
according to your logic, you look, I'm
I'm I'm blushing now. Now, now I'm
getting I'm getting a little bit excited
now as as a I mean, as a man now, you
know, you know, look, you know, I would
say I would say I'm a I'm I'm I'm a
decent looking man. I wouldn't say I'm
like extremely handsome, but now I'm
starting to think I think I'm really
handsome now because now according to
your logic, the reason we're attacking
you is because we want to be with you
and we can't be with you. I've even some
seen some comments where you're like,
you know, he just wants you and he
can't. Yeah, that's what it is. I'm like
I look at I go, "Oh my gosh, I cannot
what way to be with a woman like her
with three kilos of makeup and eyelashes
and uh divorce and divorce and man uh h
leave the man and the man is this and
the man is that and leave your baby and
take your baby and blah blah. We cannot
wait to be with a woman like you. Oh my
gosh." So according to your logic, are
you all in love with me?
Yeah, that backfired, didn't it? That
did backfire, didn't it? I mean, it's
such a stupid, silly, narcissistic thing
to say, isn't it? It's so silly. I mean,
imagine people criticize me say,
"Brother Ali, you know, if I was a real
misogynist, by the way, Brother Ali,
you're always attacking a woman. You're
degrading." I go, you know what? All you
sisters are in love with me. Yes, that's
what it is. Not that I'm wrong. Not that
I'm a narcissist. Not that I'm a
manipulator. Not that I gaslight. No,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no. you guys are
in love with me. Can you imagine that?
People will be like, "What the hell?"
That's that's your comeback. It just
shows you, brothers and sisters, the
level of stupidity people go to. And
this shows you again how women with
their emotions, this is what I'm saying.
When the prophetam will talk about this
stuff. Yes. Okay. This is why. Okay.
Because the emotional instability you've
gone through, whatever you've gone
through, we haven't heard the story of
your ex. We know nothing about it. We're
not saying it's right or wrong. Neither
are we saying you're right or wrong. We
do not know. But look at your
intellectual academic response. Is that
because I am in love with you? Someone
like you. With all due respect. Okay.
With all due respect. Yes. But would you
talk about just a quick uh recap? Yes.
Would you talk about that other woman
that I've was talking about? Okay. So,
she's in love with me as well because
she cuz she's been doing videos about me
from time ago. Let me tell you
something. If you go to Ya's Tik Tok and
if you go to the other girl that the one
at least she doesn't reject Hadith, I
hope so. Yeah. Okay. The other one you
can say she's a disbeliever. You she
rejects she moskari. All her videos are
either about mainly about me. So she's
in love with me because that is a and
not only that her cuz I know you guys
have spoken. I'm very sure you guys are.
She talks about my private parts. She
goes imagine I fell in love with Ali.
Look, I've got evidences. You have no
evidence. I have never messaged you
about anything to do with you liking me.
You want me your this that. But check
this out guys. You and her both are
claiming what? That I'm in love with
you. Why is it keep coming from you
guys? Like if anything there is evidence
as if you want me. And with all your due
respect, sister, someone like you, I
would not make you a third, fourth wife.
Wall a woman like you, you cannot be my
fourth wife. Fourth wife. Okay. I don't
I don't marry woman based on their
looks. And if there was any looks
without due respect, yes, you are not my
type at all. Yes. Okay. That woman that
you're talking about, the other sister
talks about my private parts. talks
about I imagine I fell in love with Ali
Dawa. I'm thinking why are you talking
like that man? I I'm a married man. I'm
alhamdulillah I'm a married man. Yes.
Sexual tension saying there's sexual
tension between me and Ali Dawa. And
when I said to her keep going make
exposing yourself to she goes keep
going. Your wife has never said that to
you. It's this sexual stuff. She goes um
you have a crush on me. Who else has
accused me? She also accused me of
having crush on her and now you're
claiming the same thing. And then she
goes um uh and then she was sending me
roses, flowers. I was find it was so
bizarre. Uh, and then she goes, "I can
come unlike your wife." Isn't that weird
and bizarre that all of you women that
are criticizing me are always talking
about me being in love with you and I've
mentioned nothing like that at all? At
all. So, it seems like they say every
accusation
Rswan is a confession, isn't it? That's
correct. I think that little nod there
from our brother. Alhamdulillah. Uh, you
know, it's it's an affirmation to that.
So, sister Aya and other old hijabis
etc. Yes. Please, I have no interest in
you guys in any way, shape, or form. I
only call out you to the evil that
you're promoting. I have nothing
personal against you. I wish Allah gives
you the best in this life and the
hereafter and heals you because you seem
very traumatized. Okay? And the other
woman there, I hope she gets a husband,
the other hijab I was talking about.
Okay? She looks like she doesn't have a
man in her life. She's I hope Allah
gives her a man so she could leave the
internet. Please feel the guy. But
anyways, wa you know what you're dealing
with when you're dealing with a true
narcissist. That the only comeback she
has is that when you criticize her
legitimately, you're in love with them.
So, let's go through some people that
are in love with me. Cuz what's her
claim? People that criticize me are in
love with me apparently. Okay, let's go.
Here's one sister.
>> Do not go to other women like her.
>> Guys, this is the same dude, by the way,
who said in a podcast that his wife has
to beg him to come to the delivery room
because if she doesn't ask nicely, he's
not going to be there for her labor. If
y'all think for one second that me and
many other Muslim women are going to sit
here and listen to what men like him say
in podcast no matter how much they spew
about having Islamic knowledge this
knowledge from hadith knowledge from
that Allah said in the Quran that he
placed mercy and compassion among
spouses in Islam but the way some Muslim
men act they act like they hate their
wife if you are a true Muslim man who
has Islamic character there's no way
THERE IS NO WAY you're going to talk
about women like that there is no way
you're going to rage bait Muslim woman
on a daily basis like this as a career.
And before you tell me that I support
feminism and I'm a feminist and I hate
men, take a look at my page and then
come back. There's a lot of times that
I've criticized videos that this Muslim
sister put out and I don't agree with
some of her points. That doesn't mean
that I agree with this man too and his
views about women for the longest. He
has done so many things to literally
rage bait Muslim women and he continues
to do this in his podcast every single
day. I literally stopped taking him
seriously the first time that he sat
with women in his podcast while saying
that his wife was going to talk behind a
veil and she was going to write down on
a whiteboard. I was big side eye him
like absolutely not. You're not going to
talk like that and also hypocritically
sit amongst women in your podcast and
talk to women. I'm sick of hypocritical
bros and their podcast. It's actually
very harmful to the Muslim community for
the longest time. We're sick of it. All
they do is rage bay Muslim women and
half the things they talk about doesn't
even come from Islam. You want to bring
hadith this hadith that we can get down
on it. We can talk about the hadith.
Don't be
>> okay. So there you go. According to her
logic, this this woman is in love with
this sister's in love with me. What
stupidity. And not only that, just to
correct this sister. I should probably
been watching this. Uh sorry, you got me
confused with someone else. I've never
said anything about forcing lab uh
coming to labor. You got me mixed with
Matthew. That's not me. So this is what
it shows where your woman's head's at. I
never said such a thing. All of my
daughter's birth. I was there with my
wife because I want to be there.
Alhamdulillah. Okay. I am proud of that.
Alhamdulillah. Okay. And not only that,
you mentioned that about my wife writing
on a whiteboard. My wife chose to write
on a whiteboard. I said talk. She said,
"I don't want to talk. I want to write
on a whiteboard." So, do you see how
stupidity that the level of stupidity
you have? My wife chose you want me to
force her to speak when she doesn't want
to. What happened? I put the feminism
woman's right. So, I have to force her.
She did not want to talk. There you go.
Now, let's go to another woman. A parent
that's in love with me. This one's
interesting as well. This exact type of
man absolutely pissed me off. This is
the second video I've seen today of this
guy bashing this poor lady. And all of
the bashes are basically based on the
fact that she's like promoting divorce
or whatever. And honestly for me, I just
have one question for these type of
people. The hell are you doing in her
page? Cuz clearly you're flipping
stalking her if this is your like 14th
video of the day of her. Like it's just
his whole page and every other video
I've ever seen from this guy is always
based on the fact that he's bashing
women. He's bashing women left, right,
and center. I'm sure they think of it as
a like, you know, favor to society type
of thing where they're giving advice
and, you know, constructive criticism of
some sort. I don't know what kind of
badge of honor the women in his
household are wearing, but I know for a
fact that I would be embarrassed if my
husband, my brothers, or my father was
to speak about other women in the
degrading way that this man speaks.
>> So there you go. Yes, she's pissed off.
What are you pissed off about, sister?
Number one, we use her arguments
argument um that apparently this now is
in love with me because she's keep
talking about me. Pathetic. Okay. What
are you pissed off about? Okay. She
goes, "What are you doing on her page?"
Who said I went to her page? Look at
this dumb, stupid argument. You had to
go to a page. Nobody needs to go to a
page, man. This stuff gets sent to me.
And you're talking about 14 videos. I
only done one video about her. This is
my second video. Okay. Go to her Tik
Tok. Yes. It's all indirectly about me.
Okay. And you're here talking about I
don't know what kind of a household etc.
Um, if your husband or brother is in the
da. Yes. And there is a a immature
narcissist woman who is asking other
woman to get divorced and your husband
or brother says that woman we need to
give her nia. What are you going to say
is dishonorable? All of a sudden there's
a question mark on him. What kind of
stupidity is this? Like we are told to
enjoy going to forbid evil. So that
means any brother who goes out. So
you're telling me you're walking down
with your husband. Your husband sees a
sister or someone doing wrong. He goes
to correct no you cannot do that. Go and
study religion. You're wearing a nab.
Like is this is this a front? Is this
all you've got? studies your uh your
religion. Okay. And we're going to end
on this note. We've got a white knight
simp, fivestar grade A simp. Somebody
some people, this guy here, he's come
out recently. Bro, there's new simps
coming out. Yes. Okay. We've got one
who's a psychedelics one. Okay. Uh who's
obsessed. And then we've got this guy,
okay, who's an absolute calling me a
weasel. Call him Okay, no problem,
brother. No problem. Let's let's dissect
this because you know it gets very very
interesting. Um because we're going to
find out now, brothers and sisters. So
this guy here has been coming out and
attacking men, attacking men, attacking
men. I'm thinking what's this simpish
behavior coming from? Then we found out
with his own mouth. By the way, he is on
borderline rejecting Hadith. There's
been speculation about him leaving the
fold of Islam. Why? Because he himself,
this man admitted cuz I'm thinking, why
is he coming and defending men, I mean
women, and attack. He was attacking men,
attacking men, attacking men, defending
women. I was thinking there's something
up with this. Little did we know that he
came out and said that he was actually
someone who used to abuse his wives. So
sister ayah, that's the kind of men.
Look, these are the kind of men that are
defending you, but you are the kind of
woman that's warning against men like
that. He had two wives.
He would be a red pill, affected by red
pill. He would use hadith in the wrong
way and abuse his wives by probably not
laying them at the house or something
like that. Violating the rights, Islamic
rights, violating Islamic rights. Okay?
Using a hadith and abusing them and both
of his wives, which is very ironic.
Let's just listen to what he has to say.
So he's defending ya, sister ayah, and
you can see these are the kind of men
that want to marry you. This is what
call simp. Yes, he thinks by doing this
and you know there's a chance. My
brother, with all due respect, we keep
trying. Look what he has to say. He's
criticizing my video by me saying, "Sis,
why are you encouraging divorce?" Look
what he has to say. Subconsciously, this
guy is so terrified that his wife may
leave him at any moment that he sees
this post as a threat. But he needs to
understand that this is his insecurity
and stop projecting on the rest of the
world. So this weasel is trying to
emotionally manipulate his audience
using ad homonym attacks, disgust and
shame. Furthermore, the fact that he
thinks that and he came to that
conclusion is a good indication that he
himself is a deluded narcissist who
thinks that anything he believes has to
be the objective truth. Ali says that
she's out there encouraging divorce. And
this is the problem. That's his
interpretation of what she's saying
because clearly she's not saying
anywhere that divorce is good and people
should just get divorces for the sake of
it. She is saying that you should know
your worth as a woman. And if that means
leaving someone who doesn't value you in
a marriage, then so be it.
>> The irony your wives left you because of
that. So she's if she was saying there
are bad men and et and you was and I'm
not saying you haven't changed. You've
changed. You've learned your ways. But
you've gone to the other extreme and you
went through a mental breakdown. Look,
I'm not trying to have a guy. I'm not
like you calling me names, weasel,
this that. Look, listen to me.
I'm a lesser square, bro. Come come and
say that to my face. Yeah. Please don't
say things you're not going to say to me
in my face. Okay? and and you're a
Muslim. I'm saying I'm threatening you
here. Okay, look, she's talking about
men like you, bro. You you've admitted
to abusing your wives and two of your
wives left you and then you went into a
mental breakdown, which I'm sorry you
went through. You're a Muslim, brother.
We don't want that for you. I'm sorry
that you had to go through that. May
Allah heal you and I think you're in the
process of getting healed and I hope
sister gets healed. Do you see both of
you guys are the double extreme? You
went to another extreme because you knew
what you did to your wife was wrong. He
was using religion to blackmail and all
this kind of stuff towards your wife.
And ya, sister ya is doing the same
thing by was married to a probably a man
like you before, etc. You've changed
your ways. No problem. And she's now
traumatized. You're both traumatized.
Get the hell off the internet, man. Get
the hell off the internet. Okay, it's as
simple as that. That's all I want to say
in brothers and sisters. And putting
this chapter to an end. And like I said,
brothers and sisters, nothing else needs
to be said inshallah. Till next time.
And Muslim men have some backbone. Don't
be a white night simps. Trust me, these
very women, you're not in their option
list, bro. The more you simp, the more
they're going to run away from you.